Good day, dear
Members and guests of the escape channel Tiwi
today in our video tutorial we'll talk
about how to connect to the server
add audio file
So we look at an example of how we see
We are connecting to our server
reproduced
radio station europe plus when you click on
spawn
the audio file stops and so now
for example video tutorial I will show how it is
do so we turn our
directly mod I'll show you on
example of a new mod
in advance
I wrote everything to me in a text document
you need to like you not to distract
public player connect we insert
line play audio stream full player
player id radio station in my case
also besides the radio station you can
insert any audio file only you
You will need a direct link to this audio.
file so that it ends exactly as
mp3 extension other files
will not play will tell on
example of personal experience as I put in
your audio file and in the game mod it
created a site on the decree
and there stupidly poured music and took straight
link and pasted but it's like choosing
options
so we inserted the audio file when
connecting now we need to get this
the audio file with our spawn stopped
broadcasting
so public player spawn we insert
line stop audio stream full player
player id
so we insert compile our gaming
mod as you can see errors war without giving no
restart our go here to check
Pam Pam Pam Pam Pam Pam
and since you see us radio station
broadcasts when spawning ceases
broadcast want to tell you about one
main feature
you take add yourself these here
lines and then in the comments write to
nothing came out nothing
reproduced what to do help
so that is your main mistake
go to game settings sound settings
and radio
you should be on and the sound should
be at the maximum so that you have
music played when connected
to the server here it is what's your main
mistake and so nothing so complicated
there is no principle a simple video lesson but
very useful especially for beginners and
so thanks for watching you had a channel
and discounts
stay with us